That's mean. Kattchan.
Look. he's crying.
If you don't stop.
I…
I won't forgive you!
A Quirkless
trying to be a Hero.
Deku?
Men are not created equal.
This is the reality of society
I learned at the age of four.
And it was my...
first and last setback.
IZUKU MIDORIYA
TATOUIN STATION
That's a giant Villain!
I held my breath at 5 a.m.
Like I was absorbing the calm
I bite my nails at the emergency exit
Which way is tomorrow?
Nights that never end
Endlessly falling rain
Exist in this terrible world
It's not odd at all
You're always tripping up. half asleep
I'm not blaming you for it
Playing alone in your fantasy
Will you be
Ashamed of what you imagined there?
It's a twisted maze
Are you saying that you'll still go?
The sound of the small adventurer's bell
Marks a new beginning
Don't know where to go
Are you sure you aren't scared?
Each step you take will change you
It all started in Qingqing city. China.
An illuminating baby was born.
DAD
Since then. powers have been discovered.
And time passed without knowing why.
Before we knew it.
paranormal became normal
and dreams became reality.
Now with 80% of the world's population
having a special trait.
it's a superhuman society.
In this chaotic world.
the job that everyone once dreamed of
came into light.
That job is…
Death Arms!
The Punching Hero who uses his
strength for justice!
Hey guys. this is dangerous
so stay back.
The rescue specialist.
Backdraft has come to the scene!
What an awesome Quirk.
you turn into a monster.
What did he do?
Snatched a purse.
He almost got caught and went crazy.
A Quirk like that and a thief. huh?
I'm sorry. the trains...
I don't know what time I can make it.
Go Kamui!
Don't come near me!
Who is fighting?
It's Kamui Woods!
The young and talented rising star!
You ask but commentate perfectly.
You're an otaku!
Uh... no.
Illegal use of powers during rush hour
and robbery with violence.
You are an evil avatar.
Here it comes!
Show us something good. Tree Man!
Strike.
Binding...
Chain Prison!
Canyon Canon!
It's here. it's here...
Today's my debut day.
My name is Mt. Lady.
Happy to be of your ass-quaintance.
It's here. it's here…
The credit...
Along with the powers
came an increased number of crime.
While the country waited for
new law reforms.
people with courage
became Heroes. like from the comics.
Guarding powers
and protecting from evil.
Heroes soon gained citizenship
and their heroism became
an official position.
Based on their performance.
they are rewarded.
Money from the government
and fame from people.
Gigantism. huh?
She seems popular and has a great Quirk.
But considering the city's damage.
her actions may be limited.
But if she can control it...
Are you taking notes to be a Hero?
Do your best!
Yes. I will!
EPISODE 1: IZUKU MIDORIYA: ORIGIN
ARUDERA JUNIOR HIGH
You guys are in your third year.
so it's time to be serious
about your future.
I'll pass out forms for your future plans.
but everyone...
is taking the hero course. right?
Yeah!
Great Quirks everyone!
But using your Quirk at school
isn't allowed. OK?
Teacher.
don't put us all in the same category.
I don't plan to aim low like all these
Quirk rejects.
KATSUKI BAKUGOU
-Can't believe you Katsuki!
-Yeah!
You should all just shut up!
Oh yes. Bakugou
is going to UA High School?
The national school?
Its standardized rank score is 79!
The competition is crazy!
This is why you all are extras.
I aced the mock test.
I'm the only one here qualified for UA.
I will even surpass All Might
and become the top Hero.
My name will be listed
on the highest paid list!
Midoriya wants to go to UA too. right?
What. Midoriya? No way!
You can't take the hero course
just by studying.
That rule doesn't exist now.
No one's tried...
Hey Deku!
Your'e not only a reject
but a Quirkless too.
So why are you on the same level as me?
No. wait. Kattchan.
I don't mean to compete with you at all.
It's true!
It's just... It's been my dream
from when I was a kid.
And I have to…
at least try. you know?
What do you mean. "at least try!"
Are you playing?
What can someone like you do?
You're Quirkless!
IMAI HOUSING
PM 0:02 THE SAME CITY
He's a thief! Someone!
Catch me if you can!
Hey. where's the Hero?
Usually. someone comes right away.
He took advantage of the morning bustle.
So many people don't know what to do
with their powers.
There's just no end.
Yes. there is.
Why. you say?
Because I am here!
Let's go karaoke.
Yeah. sure.
This morning's incident
is on the top page.
I need to write it down in my notebook.
We're not finished yet. Deku.
Katsuki. what is that?
Hero analysis for the future
My hero analysis for the future?
Are you serious?
Midoriya.
Come on. give it back.
You're awful.
Most top Heroes have legends
inscribed from their school days.
I want to be the first ever to go
to UA High School
from this boring school.
Well. I am a perfectionist.
So petty.
So just in case.
don't apply to UA. alright?
At least try to say something.
Don't say that.
Poor thing.
he just hasn't seen reality yet.
If you want to be a Hero that much.
there is an efficient way.
Believe to have a Quirk in your next life
and dive off from the school roof.
What?
That idiot.
If I did jump.
that would be forced suicide.
Think before you speak.
It's not food.
Stupid.
It's my notebook.
Hero analysis for the future
Stupid jerk.
Mom!
Mom. computer!
Again?
Hurry!
Izuku. it's probably reached
10.000 views with just you alone.
Mommy is too scared to watch.
It was an old video.
One Hero's debut video
taken right after
a large disaster hit.
Did you see?
He's already saved 100 people.
It hasn't even been ten minutes.
This is crazy!
Look. he's laughing.
It's okay now.
Why. you say?
Because I am here.
He is so awesome!
I wanna be like him when I get my Quirk.
You should give up.
It can't be…
Is something wrong with him?
Most kindergartners have showed signs.
It's just him...
Excuse me.
you're a fourth generation. right?
What about you?
Yes. of course.
I can attract small things
and my husband can blow fire.
By the age of four. the child should
show some signs of either Quirk
or a combination of the two.
In the past. they announced the result
of an early study
which talked about
if the pinky toe had a joint or not.
If a body part isn't used.
it's viewed as unnecessary.
People with no joint were considered
to be the new type.
As you can see in this x-ray.
Izuku has two joints.
It's rare in his generation;
he is the type with absolutely no Quirk.
Did you see that?
He's already saved 100 people.
And it hasn't even been ten minutes.
That's crazy.
Look. he's laughing!
It's okay now.
Why. you say? Because I am here!
Mom.
he helps everyone with a smile.
He's an awesome Hero.
Can I be like him too?
I'm sorry. Izuku.
So sorry…
No. that's not it.
That's not it. Mom.
At that moment.
I wanted you to say…
WATCH YOUR HEAD
I made a promise that day.
That's right. don't worry about
what others say.
Keep your chin up and move on.
A Villain!
It's a medium sized invisible cloak.
It's okay.
I'm just taking over your body.
Calm down.
It will only be painful for 45 seconds.
You will feel much better.
I can't breath...
How can you grab me? I'm liquid.
Thanks for everything.
you are my hero.
I didn't think that it would have
come to this city.
My body... doesn't have strength...
I'm gonna die.
Am I going to die?
I'm dying...
Somebody...
Somebody!
No!
Everything is okay now. young boy.
I am here!
Texas Smash!
The wind pressure!
All Might...
Thank goodness.
I'm glad you're fine.
I'm sorry.
I involved you in a Villain battle.
I normally don't make these
kind of mistakes.
but I was off duty
and in a new area.
I was too excited.
But! It's because of your help. thank you!
I captured him safely.
The number one Hero. All Might...
It's really him.
He doesn't look real
when you see him in person!
Oh yeah. an autograph...
Autograph… autograph...
In my notebook!
It's been done!
Thank you. thank you!
I will keep it as my treasure forever.
Okay!
Well. I'm going to deliver this
to the police.
Let's meet again on the TV screen.
What? Already?
Pros are constantly battling
enemies and time.
Wait. there's still something
I need to ask you.
Please continue to support me.
I'm counting on you.
Let go! Your enthusiasm is too much.
If I let go now. I'll die!
You're right.
I... have...
a lot of things...
I want to ask you…
Okay. okay.
Now close your eyes and mouth.
Darn…
IKOU STATION BRANCH
That was so scary.
Oh goodness.
ask the people downstairs to help you.
I really don't have any time.
So this is it.
Hey. wait.
No. I won't.
But…
You should give up.
I'm sorry Izuku. I'm sorry…
What do you think you can do?
You are Quirkless!
It might be true
but still
I…
Can I be a Hero even if I'm Quirkless?
Can a human with no Quirk
become a Hero like you?
Meeting All Might
was a miracle.
At this moment. I still had no idea
how much it would change my destiny.
In this world of me and my inferior self
Even if I imagine it. grasp it.
It still seems far
I woke from a dream
That got further when I got closer
The city filled with the sign of day break
Is hiding a voice
Wavering. I am searching
For the meaning of my existence
In this world of me and my inferior self
Even if I imagine it. grasp it
It still seems far
What must I cast aside
In order to reach it?
Now matter how many times
I try to scream aloud
At the end. I'm just myself
No matter if this is a dream or reality
I'm sure I can go beyond
It's okay to fall
It's okay to cry
One day all of it
Will bloom into a flower
NEXT TIME
I am here for the preview
of the next episode!
What? The captured Villain escaped?
It's taken a boy hostage
and is going wild around town?
But the time limit for my power
is running out.
You're pathetic. All Might.
Isn't there a Hero out there?
Next time on "What it takes to be a Hero."
Pros are always risking their lives.
Let's go beyond.
Plus Ultra!
Subtitle translation by Ayano Nishizaki